# Brick Destroy
One of the lower level refactoring made was encapsulation by making getters for private fields, such as getSpeed() from Ball class. This will prevent more direct access and manipulating particular values. Another low level refactoring included was renaming the HomeMenu class to StartScreen to avoid confusion. The class files were separated into different packages: Components, Controller, GUI to visually separate their functionalities and it helps encapsulation better. The GraphicsMain file is placed in root folder since logically, it does not belong to any group.  A higher level refactoring that was implemented was separating the inner Crack class from Brick class into its own individual class. This separated Crack class enforces single responsibility and shortens the code in Brick class. The makeLevels() and makeChessBoardLevel() methods from Brick class were separated into another class called Levels, which also enforces single responsibility. A factory design pattern was implemented on the makeBrick() method from Brick class by moving this method into the new MakBrickFactory class. MVC on GameBoard class was implemented by separating it's code into GameBoardView and GameBoardController classes. A Model class for GameBoard was not created as it was deemed uneccessary.

An Instruction button was added on the start screen, which directs the player to the Instruction screen to view the instructions to play the game. A back button in the Instruction screen to allows the player to move back to the Start Screen. Background images were added to both the Start and Instruction screens. One of the small changes made visually on the game was changing the ball count integer values printed on the game screen into heart emojis. (Highlight) A new brick type called SpeedBrick was created, in which the speed of the ball increases upon destroying this brick. The ball speed resets when the player moves to the next level. New levels which includes this SpeedBrick were also added. This new brick type adds more variety to the game mechanics. A scoring system was implemented where one impact on a brick will give 1 point and destroying a brick will give 10 points. ie. a clay brick can be destroyed at 1 hit and the player will receive 11 points. The score will be shown on screen and increments at every hit the player makes on the bricks. (Highlight) A countdown timer of 120 seconds was created in every level. When the timer reaches 0, the player's score on the current level will be stored in an array and the player will be moved automatically to the next level. This countdown timer will add more excitement to the game. The score, timer and lives displayed on screen will reset to its original value in the next level. When the player finishes the last level of the game, a pop-up window will appear, displaying all the scores (stored in the array mentioned above) of the previous levels and the last level that the player manages to earn. Lastly, Maven was implemented to help build the project, its dependency and documentation.

